hello today i will tell you how you can
revive recover battery
car
bosch or mouth modern entered into
to a mouth that is not serviced like that
type of cover you removed and from I only
that someone already brought him from the street
tried to pick failed to open and
threw away
so he found out the problems that one
the bank of some horseradish is not filled
electrolyte whether this skills sang whether
it's a defect
factory of such a distinguished brand bosch
how am i clean there firstly first you can
shine a bright LED flashlight
we serve which case or less
transparent battery we see inside
barely
can the light go out i believe here
peeking banks
here look the battery cant
see the liquid there is like this
shine on all banks and see there
not near electrolytes but we have a patient
a bank that's because we do not have anything either
Fuck no, see
nothing happens the second way
to understand if to go home is just
sound take individuals see here
deaf 2g liquid I remembered osmosis
concerns a liter of it and deafly where emptiness
of how this visa
like this you can still define it well
Of course with on it is more convenient if the body
transparent here we have some fig
no liquid black will do next
many follow the battery cover but
Fu how nasty of course but here we have
there is a special maze that is well
shorter there are gases and neutralize the market
somehow converted back to water
ecosystem trees win win open same
body can be here with the media flew in
first again, we take the lantern and look
you see we have emptiness here
you can make a hole here
this place here in the bank where we are
you need to pour electrolyte or water there
vodka don't even know that defect or
evaporation at the cottage density check a
then some
in the way you can stick it
Just stick it on with glue, but I guess
I'll just make the horse cut
plastic of this size and here
glue on top shorter even if he
recover part just take a drill
screwdriver and drill into the right us
the place of response
all hole we have feathers you can
zoom in and already look even inside
Well, you have enough of such a hole
density check here nothing more
you can not do it because he will come here for
the edge will touch this plastic one
lids I looked king Kick did not know
it seems to be a defect
electrolyte plastinate plating itself
top and then already immediately void sedov
boiling there is not visible on the walls
so here's the trouble well, then we take a syringe
and add the desired level of electrolyte
lay exactly water and then shine
which is already so we had all
Banks equally well and glue here in
In general, the whole essence of recovery
if such a defect or some kind of fig
in some banks happened
evaporation like this
bosch core and forgot to say something over
sticking is best for us
glue gun
silicone glue well or you can
use rubber buhnu glue he
like not afraid of acid
another tried nothing else
I cannot recommend all these to everyone
until